You get this.
It's affordable. It's gorgeous.
It goes with any decor...
- What happened to picture?
- Go to override.
- How is this happening again?
- Fine. Override to Los Angeles.
I'm trying.
There's nothing I can...
Well, where is
the feed coming from?
I don't know,
it's in all of our receivers and I...
The entire East Coast,
the satellites are down.
It's not just our station.
What about a backup manual?
We have an unauthorised
broadcast cutting through...
Mr Vice President,
I think you should see this.
Oh, God, not again.
Is the President getting this?
Mr President.
Only two lessons remain.
And I intend to finish this
before Christmas morning.
Meet Thomas Richards.
Good strong name.
Good strong job.
Thomas, here, is an accountant
for the Roxxon Oil Corporation.
But I'm sure he's a really good guy.
I'm going to shoot him in the head,
live on your television in 30 seconds.
No!
The number for this telephone
is in your cell phone.
Exciting, isn't it,
imagining how it got there?
America,
if your president calls me
in the next half-minute,
Tom lives.
Go!
How did he hack my phone?
We can't allow terrorists to dictate...
I have to make this call.
I'd strongly advise against that.
This is the right thing to do.
There's just
one lesson left, President Ellis.
So run away, hide,
kiss your children goodbye.
Because nothing,
not your army, not your red, white
and blue attack dog,
can save you.
I'll see you soon.
Tell Rhodes,
find this lunatic right now.
Sir, we tracked
the broadcast signal.
We have a possible point of origin
in Pakistan
and the Patriot is ready to strike.
- Right now.
- Yes, sir.
Heal. You will need your strength
to reclaim the Aether.
And when you wake,
we will kill them all.
Jane Foster?
You need to come with us.
We are still unable to restore
the palace shields.
Our artillery cannot detect them.
Even Heimdall cannot see them.
My king, we are all but defenseless.
She's your prisoner now?
Leave us.
I do not wish to fight with you.
Nor I with you.
But I intend to pursue Malekith.
We possess the Aether.
Malekith will come to us.
Yes, and he will destroy us.
You overestimate the power
of these creatures.
No, I value our people's lives.
I'll take Jane to the Dark World,
and draw the enemy away from Asgard.
When Malekith pulls
the Aether from Jane,
it will be exposed and vulnerable.
And I will destroy it and him.
If you fail, you risk this weapon
falling into the hands
of our enemies.
The risk is far greater
if we do nothing.
His ship could be over
our heads right now,
we would never even know it.
If and when he comes
his men will fall on 10,000
Asgardian blades.
And how many of our men
shall fall on theirs?
As many as are needed!
We will fight!
Till the last Asgardian breath.
Till the last drop of Asgardian blood.
Then how are you
different from Malekith?
The difference, my son,
is that I will win.
Man. Happy, Happy, Happy.
Don't move!
Uh...
Hang on a second.
Hello?
You ever have a chick straddling you
and you look up
and suddenly she's glowing from
the inside out, kind of a bright orange?
Yeah, I've had that.
Who is this?
It's me, pal.
Now, last time I went missing,
if I remember correctly,
you came looking for me.
What are you doing?
A little knock-and-talk,
making friends in Pakistan.
What are you doing?
Your redesign, your big rebrand,
that was AIM, right?
Yeah.
I'm gonna find a heavy-duty
comm sat right now, I need your login.
It's the same as
it's always been, "WarMachine68."
And password, please.
Well, look, I gotta change it
every time you hack in, Tony.
It's not the '80s,
nobody says "hack" any more.
Give me your login.
With an all caps.
Yeah, okay.
That is so much better
than "Iron Patriot."
Very nice. Very nice.
I have one question for you.
What would you like
for Christmas this year?
Well, David...
Do not erase a programme from my DVR
unless you are 100% sure...
One more time!
Ms Elk Ridge, everybody!
All right.
Because you erase my shows!
That ain't gonna cut it.
We talked about this.
Excuse me, sir.
I don't know who...
Shh.
Morn, I need to call you back.
Something magical is happening.
- Tony Stark is in my van.
- Shh. Keep it down.
- Tony Stark is in my van!
- No, he's not.
I knew you were still alive!
Come on in. Close the door.
Oh, wow.
Can I just say, sir...
Yep.
I am your biggest fan.
Okay. First, is this your van?
Is anyone else gonna come in?
No, no, no. Just us.
Great. What's your name?
- Gary.
- Oh, wow.
- Right there is fine.
- Okay.
- Okay?
I get a lot of this, it's okay.
- Oh, good. Can I just say?
- What do you want? Yeah.
I don't know if you can tell,
but I have, like, patterned
my whole look after you.
- My hair's a little...
- It's fine.
It's not right,
'cause there's no product in it.
Right.
I don't want to make things awkward
for you, but I do have to show you...
Boom!
A Hispanic Scott Baio.
- I'm sorry. Is that me?
- Yeah. It's... I mean...
I had them do it off a doll that I made,
so it's not like it's off a picture.
- So it's a little bit...
- Gary. Listen to me, okay?
I don't want to clip your wings, here.
We're both a little over-excited.
I got an issue.
I'm chasing bad guys.
I'm trying to grab a little something
from some hard-crypt data files.
I don't have enough juice.
I need you to jump on the roof...
Right?
Recalibrate the ISDNs.
Pump it up by about 40%.
- Got it.
- All right? It's a mission.
Yeah.
Tony needs Gary.
And Gary needs Tony.
- Be quiet about it. Go.
- Yeah.
What would you regard
as the defining moment of your life?
Well, uh, I think that would be the day
I decided not to let my injury beat me.
Will you please state
your name for the camera?
Ellen Brandt.
Okay. So, the injections
are administered periodically.
Addiction will not be tolerated.
And those who cannot regulate
will be cut from the programme.
Once misfits, cripples...
You are the next iteration
of human evolution.
Everybody, before we start...
I promise you, looking back at your life,
there will be nothing as bitter
as the memory of that glorious risk
you prudently elected to forego.
Today is your glory.
Let's begin.
We gotta get out of here!
Get her out!
Get them out of here!
A bomb is not a bomb
when it's a misfire.
The stuff doesn't always work.
Right, pal?
It's faulty,
but you found a buyer, didn't you?
Sold it to the Mandarin.
Got you, pal.
Hey, man.
I'm sorry about this.
We need a place to lay low.
Everyone we know is trying to kill us.
Not everyone.
- You okay?
- Yeah.
What's going on?
When I first joined S.H.I.E.L.D.
I thought I was going straight.
But I guess I just traded in
the KGB for HYDRA.
I thought I knew
whose lies I was telling,
but I guess I can't tell
the difference anymore.
There's a chance you might be
in the wrong business.
I owe you.
It's okay.
If it was the other way around,
and it was down to me to save your life,
now you be honest with me,
would you trust me to do it?
I would now.
And I'm always honest.
Well, you seem pretty chipper
for someone who just found out
they died for nothing.
Well, guess I just like
to know who I'm fighting.
I made breakfast.
If you guys eat that sort of thing.
So, the question is,
who at S.H.I.E.L.D. could launch
a domestic missile strike?
Pierce.
Who happens to be sitting on top
of the most secure building in the world.
But he's not working alone.
Zola's algorithm was on the Lemurian Star.
So was Jasper Sitwell.
So, the real question is,
how do the two most wanted people
in Washington kidnap a S.H.I.E.L.D.
officer in broad daylight?
The answer is, you don't.
- What's this?
- Call it a résumé.
Is this Bakhmala?
The Khalid Khandil mission, that was you?
You didn't say he was a Pararescue.
- Is this Riley?
- Yeah.
I heard they couldn't bring
in the choppers because of the RPGs.
What did you use? A stealth chute?
No.
These.
I thought you said you were a pilot.
I never said pilot.
I can't ask you to do this, Sam.
You got out for a good reason.
Dude, Captain America needs my help.
There's no better reason to get back in.
Where can we get our hands
on one of these things?
The last one is at Fort Meade.
Behind three guarded gates
and a 12-inch steel wall.
Shouldn't be a problem.
You were not at Odin's war council.
The Bifrost is closed
by your father's orders.
No one is to come
or to go.
We face an enemy
that is invisible even to me.
What use is a guardian
such as that?
Malekith will return, you know this.
I need your help.
I cannot overrule my king's wishes.
Not even for you.
I'm not asking you to.
The realms need their Allfather
strong and unchallenged
whether he is or not.
But he is blinded, Heimdall
by hatred and by grief.
As are we all.
I see clearly enough.
The risks are too great.
Everything we do
from here on is a risk.
There is no other way.
What do you require of me?
What I'm about to ask of you
is treason of the highest order.
Success will bring us exile and
failure shall mean our death.
Malekith knew the Aether was here.
He can sense its power.
If we do nothing,
he will come for it again
but this time,
lay waste to all of Asgard.
We must move Jane off-world.
The Bifrost has been shut down
and the Tesseract
locked away in the vault.
There are other paths off Asgard.
Ways known only to a few.
One, actually.
No.
Thor. After all this time
and now you come to visit me.
Why?
Have you come to gloat?
To mock?
Loki, enough.
No more illusions.
Now you see me, brother.
Did she suffer?
I did not come here
to share our grief.
Instead I offer you the chance
of a far richer sacrament.
Go on.
I know you seek vengeance
as much as I do.
You help me escape Asgard
and I will grant it to you.
Vengeance
and afterward, this cell.
You must be truly desperate
to come to me for help.
What makes you think
you can trust me?
I don't.
Mother did.
But you should know that when
we fought each other in the past,
I did so with a glimmer of hope
that my brother was still
in there somewhere.
That hope no longer exists
to protect you.
You betray me, and I will kill you.
When do we start?
He will betray you.
He will try.
This is so unlike you, brother.
So clandestine.
Are you sure you wouldn't rather
just punch your way out?
If you keep speaking, I just might.
Fine. As you wish.
I'm not even here.
Is this better?
It's better company at least.
Still, we could be less conspicuous.
Brother, you look ravishing.
It will hurt no less
when I kill you in this form.
Very well. Perhaps you prefer
one of your new companions
given that you seem
to like them so much.
This is much better.
The costume is a bit much.
So tight.
But the confidence...
I can feel the righteousness surging.
Hey, do you want to have
a rousing discussion about truth?
Honor? Patriotism?
God bless Amer...
What?
You could at least
furnish me with a weapon.
My dagger, something.
At last.
A little common sense.
And I thought you liked tricks.
Well, what then? Your lovely mortal
is being guarded by a legion of Einherjar
who will see you coming
from miles away.
I won't be the one
who comes for her.
I'm not hungry.
What the...
Good. Let's go.
You're...
I'm Loki,
you may have heard of me.
That was for New York.
I like her.
And what of the Allfather?
It is my sworn duty to notify him
of crimes against the throne.
You called me here
on an urgent matter.
What is it?
Treason, my lord.
Whose?
Mine.
My king!
The mortal has been taken.
Stop Thor.
By any means necessary.
There they are! Take them.
On my command.
I'll hold them off. Take her.
Thank you.
Betray him, and I'll kill you.
It's good to see you, too, Sif.
Assuming you can get Loki's help
and you can free this mortal
what good would it do?
We'd all be dead the minute
we step one foot outside the palace.
That, my friend,
is why we won't be leaving by foot.
I will give you as much time as I can.
Thank you, my friend.
If you even think
about betraying him...
You'll kill me?
Evidently, there will be a line.
Fun fact.
Before he built rockets for the Nazis,
the idealistic Wernher von Braun
dreamed of space travel.
He stargazed.
Do you know what he said when
the first V-2 hit London?
"The rocket performed perfectly."
"It just landed on the wrong planet."
See, we all begin wide-eyed.
Pure science.
And then the ego steps in,
the obsession.
And you look up,
you're a long way from shore.
You can't be too hard on yourself,
Maya.
I mean, you gave your research
to a think tank.
Yeah, but Killian built that think tank
on military contracts.
That's exactly what we used to do.
So, don't judge yourself.
Thank you, Pepper.
I really appreciate that.
- Hi, good evening. Come on in.
- Good evening.
Maya, run!
Hi, Pepper.
So, you want to tell me why you
were at Stark's mansion last night?
I'm trying to fix this thing.
I didn't know you and the master
were gonna blow the place up.
Oh, I see. So, you were trying
to save Stark when he threatened us?
I've told you, Killian, we can use him.
Pepper. Pepper. Pepper.
Look, if we want to launch product
next year, I need Stark.
He just lacked a decent incentive.
Now, he has one.
This is support team Blue-Zero.
Sending coordinates for a suspected
Mandarin broadcast point of origin.
Copy.
Nobody move.
Oh. Support Blue-Zero,
unless the Mandarin's next attack
on the U.S.
involves cheaply-made sportswear,
I think you messed up again.
Yes, you're free, uh,
if you weren't before.
It's... Of course.
Yes, ma'am.
Iron Patriot on the job.
Happy to help.
No need to thank me, ma'am.
It's my pleasure.
Savin?
I've acquired the Patriot armour.
If you want this suit,
you're going to have to
pry my cold dead body out of it.
That's the plan, Colonel.
Listen, I got to fly home tonight
because I got some constituency problem
and I got to press the flesh.
Any constituent in particular, Mr. Senator?
No, not really.
Twenty-three, kind of hot.
Real hot, you know?
Wants to be a reporter, I think.
I don't know.
Who listens at that point?
Doesn't sound like
much of a problem to me.
Really? Because she's killing my back.
But this isn't the place to talk about it.
This is a nice pin.
- Thank you.
- Come here.
Hail HYDRA.
- See, it's right there...
- Yeah, I just saw that.
- Should I get it checked?
- I think you should.
I need a minute.
Bring the car around.
Yes, sir?
Agent Sitwell, how was lunch?
I hear the crab cakes here are delicious.
Who is this?
The good-looking guy in the sunglasses,
your 10 o'clock.
Your other 10 o'clock.
There you go.
What do you want?
You're gonna go around
the corner to your right.
There's a gray car two spaces down.
You and I are gonna take a ride.
And why would I do that?
Because that tie looks really expensive,
and I'd hate to mess it up.
Tell me about Zola's algorithm.
Never heard of it.
What were you doing on the Lemurian Star?
I was throwing up. I get seasick.
Is this little display meant to insinuate
that you're gonna throw me off the roof?
Because it's really not
your style, Rogers.
You're right.
It's not.
It's hers.
Wait. What about that girl
from Accounting, Laura...
Lillian. Lip piercing, right?
Yeah, she's cute.
Yeah. I'm not ready for that.
Zola's algorithm is a program
for choosing
- Insight's targets.
- What targets?
You!
A TV anchor in Cairo,
the Under Secretary of Defense,
a high school valedictorian in Iowa City,
Bruce Banner, Stephen Strange,
anyone who's a threat
to HYDRA.
Now, or in the future.
In the future? How could it know?
How could it not?
The 21 st century is a digital book.
Zola taught HYDRA how to read it.
Your bank records,
medical histories, voting patterns,
emails, phone calls,
your damn SAT scores!
Zola's algorithm evaluates people's past
to predict their future.
And what then?
Oh, my God. Pierce is gonna kill me.
What then?
Then the Insight helicarriers
scratch people off the list.
A few million at a time.
I thought you said you knew
how to fly this thing.
I said, "How hard could it be?"
They're on the ship!
Get to the ship!
Well, whatever you're doing, brother,
I suggest you do it faster.
Shut up, Loki.
You must have missed something.
No, I didn't.
I'm pressing every button on this thing.
No, don't hit it.
Just press it gently.
I'm pressing it gently,
it's not working!
Get him! Get him!
- I think you missed a column.
- Shut up!
Look, why don't you
let me take over?
I'm clearly the better pilot.
Is that right?
Well, out of the two of us,
which one can actually fly?
Oh, dear. Is she dead?
Jane.
I'm okay.
Not a word.
Now they're following us.
Now they're firing at us.
Yeah, thank you for
the commentary, Loki,
it's not at all distracting!
Well done.
You just decapitated your grandfather.
You know, this is wonderful.
This is a tremendous idea.
Let's steal the biggest,
most obvious ship in the universe
and escape in that.
Flying around the city,
smashing into everything in sight
so everyone can see us.
It's brilliant, Thor! It's truly brilliant!
I see your time in the dungeons
has made you no less graceful, Loki.
You lied to me.
I'm impressed.
I'm glad you're pleased.
Now, do as you promised.
And take us to your secret pathway.
- Fandral.
- Right.
For Asgard.
Nothing personal, boys.
Loki...
If it were easy,
everyone would do it.
- Are you mad?
- Possibly.
Ta-da!
Harley, tell me what's happening.
Give me a full report.
Yeah, I'm still eating that candy.
Do you want me to keep eating it?
- How much have you had?
- Two or three bowls.
- Can you still see straight?
- Sort of.
That means you're fine.
Give me Jarvis.
Jarvis, how are we?
It's totally fine, sir.
I seem to do quite well for a stretch,
and then at the end of the sentence
I say the wrong cranberry.
And, sir, you were right.
Once I factored in
available AIM down/ink facilities
I was able to pinpoint
the Mandarin's broadcast signal.
What are we talking?
Far East, Europe, North Africa,
Iran, Pakistan, Syria?
Where is it?
Actually, sir, it's in Miami.
Okay, kid, I'm gonna have
to walk you through
rebooting Jarvis's speech drive,
but not right now.
Harley, where is he really?
Just look on the screen
and tell me where it is.
Um, it does say Miami, Florida.
Okay, first things first, I need
the armour. Where are we at with it?
Uh, it's not charging.
Actually, sir, it is charging,
but the power source is questionable.
It may not succeed
in revitalising the Mark 42.
What's questionable about electricity?
All right?
- It's my suit, and I can't... I'm not gonna...
- I don't wanna...
Oh, God, not again.
Tony?
Are you having another attack?
I didn't even mention New York.
Right, and then you just said it by name
while denying having said it.
Okay, um, uh...
God, what am I gonna do?
Just breathe.
Really, just breathe.
You're a mechanic, right?
Right.
You said so.
Yes, I did.
Why don't you just build something?
Okay.
Thanks, kid.
Why is it so hot in here?
I told you to put it at 68.
My fault again.
Let me tell you something, sweetheart.
I am not your personal air con...
Well.
I wouldn't go in there for 20 minutes.
Now, which one of you is Vanessa?
- That's me.
- Ah!
Nessie.
Did you know that fortune cookies
aren't even Chinese?
There's some guy over here.
They're made by Americans,
based on a Japanese recipe.
Hey!
Bloody hell. Bloody hell.
Don't move.
I'm not moving.
You want something? Take it.
Although the guns are all fake
because those wankers
wouldn't trust me with the real ones.
- What?
- Hey, do you fancy either of the birds?
Heard enough.
You're not him.
The Mandarin, the real guy.
Where?
Where's the Mandarin?
Where is he?
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
He's here. He's here, but he's not here.
- He's here, but he's not here.
- What do you mean?
It's complicated.
Hey, it's complicated.
- It is.
- It's complicated.
Uncomplicate it.
Ladies, out.
Get out of the bed.
Get into the bathroom.
Sit.
- Ew!
- Oh, Jesus.
My name is Trevor.
Trevor Slattery.
What are you?
What are you, a decoy?
You're a double, right?
What, you mean like an understudy?
No, absolutely not.
Don't hurt the face!
I'm an actor.
You got a minute to live.
Fill it with words.
It's just a role.
"The Mandarin," see, it's not real.
Then how did you get here, Trevor?
Well, I, um, had a little
problem with, um, substances.
And I ended up doing things,
no two ways about it,
in the street,
that a man shouldn't do.
- Next?
- Then,
they approached me
about the role,
and they knew about the drugs.
What did they say?
They'd get you off them?
They said they'd give me more.
They gave me things.
They gave me this palace.
They gave me plastic surgery.
They gave me things.
Did you just nod off?
Hey.
No, and a lovely speedboat.
And the thing was, he needed someone
to take credit
for some accidental explosions.
"He"?
- Killian?
- Killian.
- He created you?
- He created me.
Custom-made terror threat.
Yes. Yes.
His think tank thinked it up.
The pathology of a serial killer.
The manipulation
of Western iconography.
Ready for another lesson?
Blah, blah, blah.
No.
Of course,
it was my performance
that brought the Mandarin to life.
Your performance?
Where people died?
No, they didn't.
Look around you.
The costumes, green screen.
Honestly,
I wasn't on location for half this stuff.
And when I was,
it was movie magic, love.
I'm sorry, but I got a best friend
who's in a coma
and he might not wake up.
So you're gonna have
to answer for that.
You're still going down, pal.
You under...
Okay, Trevor, what did you tell him?
- I didn't tell him anything.
- Nothing?
No.
You should have pressed
the panic button.
Well, I panicked, but then I handled it.
HYDRA doesn't like leaks.
Then why don't you try
sticking a cork in it?
Insight's launching in 16 hours.
We're cutting it a little bit close here.
I know.
We'll use him to bypass the DNA scans
and access the helicarriers directly.
What? Are you crazy?
That is a terrible, terrible idea.
Shit!
Hang on!
Go! I got this!
Taking fire above and below expressway.
Civilians threatened.
Repeat, civilians threatened.
I make an LZ,
2300 block of Virginia Avenue.
Rendezvous, two minutes.
Get out of the way!
Stay out of the way!
Bucky?
Who the hell is Bucky?